You do not have to have a six-pack in
order to have incredible core strength
like this. The average adult male in the
United States has around 20% body fat.
In order to start having visible abs,
you need probably a little less than
15%, which is closer to what I have
right now. To have a killer six-pack,
you need less than 10%, which is what I
used to have, but that was two kids ago.
If you're a female, add around 10% more
body fat to all of those numbers because
the female body stores fat differently.
So, for visible abs, you need less than
20%. Make sense? Cool. This is what I
do. Pick a plank variation that you can
do. This is easy, medium, hard. Then you
want to pick a compression drill, which
is going to look like this. Easy,
medium, and hard.
Sometimes your quads are going to cramp
with that one. Pick the hardest version
of the plank that you can do for a full
60 seconds. And then transition to the
hardest compression that you can drill
for 30 reps. Then, of course, you want
to rest.
Then you want to do it again for a total
of three times. Do it a few times a week
and your abs will be much more usable
than they were before.